"To whom it may concern, fuck you..."

- Valtery Bottas

How it  all started...

Ενα Σαββατο βρηκα τον εαυτο μου να περπαταει με μια παρεα φιλων στο Ανατολικο Λονδινο, μολις ειχαμε φυγει απο ενα γνωστο ξενοδοχειο, οπου ειχαμε παει για ποτο, μιας και μαζευε ωραια γυναικες και ειχε υπεροχη θεα κατευθυνωμενη προς το ποταμι. Φτασαμε στο σταθμο, εκει επρεπε να χωριστουμε μιας και εγω θα πηγαινα δυτικα προς την περιοχη που εμενα. Αλλα, δυστυχως για μενα, το ταξιδι θα επερνε συνολικα 1 ωρα και 25 λεπτα με 2 αλλαγες τρενων. Η κοιλια μου γουργουριζε, οποτε αποφασισα να πεταχτω να παρω ενα σαντουιτς απο το κοντινοτερο σουπερμαρκετ, μπαινω μεσα περπατωντας σχετικα γρηγορα γιατι ηξερα οτι ηταν σχετικα αργα και τα σαντουιτς ειναι δημοφιλη. Ξαφνικα βλεπω μια κοπελα να περνει το τελευταιο με μπεικον,αυγο και λουκανικο απο το ψυγειο...καθως πλησιαζω, της λεω "I wouldn't get that unless you want trouble." της χαμογελαω, με κοιταει με ενα υφος αδιαφοριας, αλλα she indulges, "I saw it first...you missed out." μου λεει, σταματαω, της λεω "I will trade you 2 of any other type for this one. Deal?" she looks at me for a second and replies "Nope..." then I instantly go back and say "Okay, I will sweeten the deal for you, 2 of any type, a coke and my phone number..." she laughs "What makes you think I am interested in your phone number?" , I cleverly skip past her shit test and I say, "Do we have a deal or not?"  she laughs, "Okay....", we chit chat to the counter and I propose to help carry some stuff to her place, since I still have some time for my train, we end up at her place, by the time we are there, I kiss her by the door, we push the door inside and have violent and aggressive sex twice that night....I end up seeing that girl for a while, when a say a while it was probably like 2-3 months, we lived like 1 and a half hours away, so we were seeing each other like maybe once or twice a week, to do fun stuff and sleep together. So it was frequent for us to speak like once every couple or three days, so I text her one day and she doesn't reply. A wait a couple of days, text again, nothing, I text the following day..nothing so I wait a week. That's in total 10 days. So when she doesn't reply I call, straight to voicemail. On the 11th day, I make the trip to London, I knew where she worked, so I was like, I am gonna ask if anyone see her, if she is alright or something, so I go and they tell me where to find her. She looks surprised as she sees me, I smile knowing she is okay, and give her a few flowers, I had with me. She tells me her phone got stolen so he lost all her numbers and had to buy a new one. I am like okay, yeah no problem, I tell her why she didn't just search me on Instagram or something, I mean if you google my name, my instagram or linked in shows up right and center. It's not like you can't devote 10 minutes from your day going through reaching me somehow....and she tells me she has a new boyfriend. What? It's been 11 days since we last talked hahahaha....So yeah....After that, I was angry....yeah I was very angry, more so because she has said we are something special to her, I had been lied to and seduced into falling for this girl. And then my petty ego got into the driving seat, I decided that for every girl that didn't look at me, thought I was just a nerd, fucked me up psychologically or dumped me for a "better" guy, I was going to take revenge. Fuck'em!
